---
title: start blog
tags: [blog]     
---

```
---
title: TITLE
tags: [TAG]
---
```

```
---
title: TITLE
date: YYYY-MM-DD HH:MM:SS +/-TTTT
categories: [TOP_CATEGORIE, SUB_CATEGORIE]
tags: [TAG]     # TAG names should always be lowercase
---
```

ref https://chirpy.cotes.page/posts/write-a-new-post/

can't delete `Using the Jekyll theme Chirpy.`

`This post is licensed under CC BY 4.0 by the author.`
relative to translate in `_config`

ref https://github.com/cotes2020/jekyll-theme-chirpy/issues/972

after change github action, it needs to commit.

can't use same filename. The url are same.

---

Using the Chirpy Starter

Sign in to GitHub and browse to [**Chirpy Starter**][starter], click the button <kbd>Use this template</kbd> > <kbd>Create a new repository</kbd>, and name the new repository `USERNAME.github.io`, where `USERNAME` represents your GitHub username.

### Configuration

Update the variables of `_config.yml`{: .filepath} as needed. Some of them are typical options:

- `url`
- `avatar`
- `timezone`
- `lang`

## Deployment
check out the file `_config.yml`{: .filepath} and make sure the `url` is configured correctly. Furthermore, if you prefer the [**project site**](https://help.github.com/en/github/working-with-github-pages/about-github-pages#types-of-github-pages-sites) and don't use a custom domain, or you want to visit your website with a base URL on a web server other than **GitHub Pages**, remember to change the `baseurl` to your project name that starts with a slash, e.g, `/project-name`.

### Deploy by Using GitHub Actions

1. Browse to your repository on GitHub. Select the tab _Settings_, then click _Pages_ in the left navigation bar. Then, in the **Source** section (under _Build and deployment_), select [**GitHub Actions**][pages-workflow-src] from the dropdown menu.

2. Push any commits to GitHub to trigger the _Actions_ workflow.

At this point, you can go to the URL indicated by GitHub to access your site.

ref
https://chirpy.cotes.page/posts/getting-started/
https://github.com/cotes2020/jekyll-theme-chirpy
