---
published: true
---
Create touch icon
Use a memorable logo as the touch icon so your website will make a good impression as a bookmark on mobile devices.
Hide solution
Create your logo as a PNG image file. To support current devices the file should be available in two versions: 152x152px and 120x120px.
Save these files and name them 'apple-touch-icon-152x152-precomposed.png' and 'apple-touch-icon-120x120-precomposed.png' respectively, then upload them to your webspace in the root directory of your website. Now insert the following code in the head area of your website:
<link rel="apple-touch-icon" sizes="120x120" href="/apple-touch-icon-120x120-precomposed.png" /> <link rel="apple-touch-icon" sizes="152x152" href="/apple-touch-icon-152x152-precomposed.png" />

Enhance your page title
Your selected page title is not an optimal length at 18 characters. A page title that is too short is not descriptive enough to be effectively ranked in search results.
Hide solution
Write a page title using around 50-70 characters (around five to ten words).
Paste this code into the <head> of your web page.
<title>My page - topic 1, topic 2, topic 3 </title>

Improve the page description
The description of your website with 33 characters is too short.
Hide solution
Enhance your page description. An ideal, meaningful description should contain 140-180 characters.
Paste this code into the <head> of your website:
<meta name="description" content="Your description" />

Create more page content
Your homepage does not have a sufficient amount of content with 19 words. Provide more content to compel people to visit your website. Your website should have at least 500 words.
Hide solution
Your homepage should describe what your visitors can expect from your service or website. If you already know what search terms potential visitors are entering on search engines, you should use these words or phrases in multiple places on your website.

Activate CDN
A Content Delivery Network (CDN) optimizes the delivery of the content of your website to your visitors. It is especially useful if you have visitors that view your website from a variety of geographic regions.